hello as you are well aware coronavirus
is very much a thing in our societies
across the world so what I want to do in
this little video lesson is talk to you
about what you should be doing while
this is all happening right first thing
I want to talk about is the closure of
some test centers just be aware that
some test centers are already closed
please go to the official websites like
the IELTS website or the Pearson PT
website or the OIT website to check
please don't listen to rumors on
Facebook or anything like that just go
to the official website to get updates
on testing center closures okay now if
your local testing center does in fact
close I'm guessing that what they're
going to do is just push everybody back
this has a few repercussions one thing
you need to think about is that there
will be potentially long wait times for
you to take your next test so if you're
already booked in you should be okay but
if you're not then you it's going to be
pushed out and this means that you
really have one chance to do well on
your test well not really but certainly
if you don't want to wait a long time
you want to do well the first time
around the next time you take the test
this leads me to the importance of
preparation during this period so
obviously you should be preparing online
rather than going to schools because
well you can't catch the virus while
you're sitting in your own house as
opposed to in a classroom what we're
doing at e2 language during this time is
giving you $15 off it's a voucher across
all packages and all tests and what
we're also doing is extending the
duration of the online course for
example the Express course is currently
three months but we're going to extend
that out to six months okay
the other thing that we're doing is
we're going to make e to school comm
completely free during this period that
is if you go to WWE to school comm to
boost your general English skills your
pronunciation and grammar and whatnot
it's going to be 100% free anyway so
they're my updates my recommendation to
you is during this period don't freak
out spend your time wisely don't watch
Netflix too much instead do some good
preparation so the next time you do take
your test you will get the scores you
need cool bananas my name is Jay I'll
see you soon
[Music]